[Music]
is the hijab 10
discount code for 10 percent discount on
a wide range of products including
premium ethiopian black seed products
assalamualaikum warahmatullahi
i recently watched a podcast between joe
rogan and iron hersey ali
she recently also had a podcast with
jordan peterson which i responded to
in a decisive refutation a cut-throat
refutation
that you can see in the description box
now i don't want to speak in a
sesquipedaly and liquacious way
i want to be straight to the point and
say what i thought was fundamentally
flawed with this particular
podcast that took place between hersey
ali
and joel rogan now they spoke about many
things and i could spend
a good 15 20 or 30 minutes telling you
on
each occasion where she went wrong and
spoke untruths
but i'm just going to focus on one thing
which is so egregiously a historical
that it requires a refutation with
the source sources and evidences sexual
evidences to prove my point
the main argument that she was making
was when the prophet became a prophet in
her eyes
claimed that he was a prophet there were
two periods which are well known
in the seerah literature and the
biography literature as the meccan
period and the medinan period
the meccan period was a period of time
where the prophet and his companions
were being boycott
boycotted and tortured and you know
obviously the
the muslims were on the back foot if you
want to call it that and being oppressed
as minorities
so she said this is the version of islam
which is not basically terroristic she
didn't use those words but
that's what she intended because
throughout the podcast she was talking
about the link between isis and islam
and then the prophet went to medina
and according to her this is when the
violence started to erupt and when
islam became a violent religion and the
prophet became a violent man
now what is it that was so egregious
about her
categorization compartmentalization
and her dichotomous understanding of the
seerah literature
she went on to say i'll tell you she
went on to say
that the basically basic posture of the
muslim people at that time was to force
conversion by the sword
either you become muslim or were going
to kill you and she said this in many
different
interviews which i've already refuted
but i thought
i would give this particular contention
it's due before i do so let's see what
she has to say
and see how joe rogan responds the islam
that was founded by the prophet muhammad
but then the prophet muhammad had two
careers one in mecca and one in medina
when he first established the religion
in mecca he went
around the city asking people to give up
their gods and come to his one god
and he did it by asking he did it by
persuading
talking to people and preaching charity
and goodness
and then 10 years later he moves to
medina
and he established he establishes a
militia
and then things change he starts to give
people a choice
you either come to my one god and you
give up your god
or you die by the sword and any time
from medina
the religion becomes incredibly
successful
and he goes beyond arabia into the rest
of the world
and so if you're a muslim in the 21st
century
and there are 1.6 billion muslims in the
world
if you're a muslim and you say i'm a
peace loving muslim
i don't want to impose my religion on
anyone else you're invoking muhammad in
medina
if you say well i think
jihad means that we must take our
religion seriously and convert other
people
and if they refuse to convert then we'll
use violence
then you're invoking muhammad in medina
you said medina twice you said medina
the first time as well
okay i'm sorry the fir the peaceful
muhammad is not medina
it is the peaceful muhammad is mecca
so mecca is where he first came out and
so if he says
if if a muslim today says unto you your
religion unto me mine i'm tolerant all
of that you are invoking
mecca if you're invoking jihad
you know the islamic state of iraq and
syria
isis al-qaeda and some who are
sometimes violent but not all the time
the muslim brotherhood and other
organizations and movements
they're invoking muhammad in medina
because in medina muhammad made it very
clear
you spread the religion by word of mouth
by example but also
by the sword by violence that's medina
islam so i think it would be more
accurate to say
there's just one islam at this point
that's unreformed
now joe rogan doesn't know anything
about islam and
just like jordan peterson and many of
those individuals they have
not spoken to anybody who has trained in
the islamic sciences
and so they have not educated themselves
or even cared to educate themselves
about islam as a world religion followed
by almost
a third of the world's population and so
he's nodding along
and kind of just taking whatever she has
to say on face value as if
this ultracrypterian individual isn't
some kind of trained
theological expert which she is not
she does not provide and this is very
important as as with her social
um kind of science sociological
investigations she provides no evidence
for any of her claims
and this should have been a red flag for
joe rogan what's the evidence that
there's been this transition and that
there's this forced conversion narrative
but he didn't do any of that he just
took everything which he said on face
value
what is the evidence against it you may
ask well this is the evidence against it
it goes to chapter 2 verse 256 of the
quran
it says there is no compulsion in
religion
that falsehood has been made clear from
true truth has been made clear from
falsehood
for me
then they have held on to the correct
type of anchorage
which cannot be undone this is the verse
which is undoubtedly unequivocally and
unambiguously
telling us as muslims that we cannot
force people to become muslim if they
don't want to become muslim
and that this is not our effort our
objective
or our standard or our morality
this verse is a general verse
and i may add revealed in medina not in
mecca
which goes completely counter narrative
to what this individual said
and this verse was revealed at a time
where a jewish woman
swore that she would raise her child as
a jew
and people in medina probably muslims
who had the child was were worried that
these children would be born
or raised as jews whilst they were
muslims and this is narrated in the
authentic traditions of the prophet the
prophet said
he basically narrated this same
sentiment that there is no
compulsion here we can't force people
to become muslim if they don't want to
be muslim
and that is certainly not what islam
says
in medina or in mecca
moreover there is a very famous hadith
of the prophet
where the saw his sword he went to sleep
and his sword was on a tree
he woke up and a man started holding the
sword
and he was asking the prophet if he was
worried or
scared or something like that he said no
allah will protect me god will protect
me
and as he said that the guy's sword fell
off and it went into the prophet's hand
so now imagine this the prophet is
holding the sword
and the guy is there he's seen
that this miracle if you want to call it
that that the sword
transferred into the prophet's hand and
the hadith goes on to say
that the prophet asked him
accept me as the messenger etc he said
no but i'm not gonna fight you or your
people
now bear in mind bear in mind the
prophet is holding the sword
and the man is right in front of him
saying i'm not going to accept you as a
prophet
and i'm not going to be a muslim now if
the narrative was true
and this was in medina if the narrative
was true
then the prophet should have chopped his
head off and said no well if you don't
accept my way i'm going to kill you
instead he let him go and that man
praised the prophet to his people saying
this man is the best person
that has ever been sent or something in
hyperbole to that extent
so that's another evidence and i can
continually
quote evidences in the medinan period
which go completely counter narrative
just read chapter 4 verse 90 of the
quran
has except for the ones you don't fight
the ones who
come to you and you have a treaty with
them
okay you have a treaty with them a
contract with them or they come with
open chests that they don't want to
fight you
in other words the verse continues
you have no way against them in other
words there's no reason to fight these
individuals
the quran is filled with things like
this
people just have to read the quran and
understand it contextually
i think what's really going on is that
these individuals not even reading the
quran
joe rogan i doubt he's even read the
translations of the meanings of the
quran english
jordan p is in the same thing and most
of the other people
which is quite shameful for public
intellectuals like that's actually quite
embarrassing
people that are meant to be public
intellectuals in the west and edify
their audiences
are a not doing like basic background
checks on a huge
thing as religion and b only calling on
to their show
those individuals who have unsympathetic
views to islam and muslims
really they should be ashamed of
themselves and this high time the muslim
community put pressure on them
for doing what they're doing they've
created for themselves an echo chamber
of anti-islamic thought and they can't
for whatever reason come to reason
and start thinking about this matter
properly
and another thing which needs to be
mentioned is that when the prophet
salallahu when he went to medina he
in fact established a constitution and
in that constitution he
explicitly assured
the uh them the the the blood on the
life and the protection of the jews
and the other unbelievers in the area
explicitly and this is mentioned in many
uh books and the ways which are referred
to as narrations
for example she had a zohori in his uh
mahazi it's a particular book
and a source not only that but people
that so someone will say
well this is something which is
abrogated and is no longer like that
but if that is the case then how comes
after him the sahaba
or the companions for example
when he conquered the jerusalem
he came in and he told the people that
you the same kind of sentiment same kind
of thing he said that your churches are
protected
your lives are protected and if new
jersey mentions this and his book
and many others mention it we can give
you the sources for that
at any point in time that you and this
is well known and in fact you can even
read an orientalist work on it because
i'm mentioning islamic sources
go and read the preaching of islam by
arnold
thomas walker arnold he even mentions
this point
okay so at the end of the day to
give people misinformation when the
reality of it is
in islam there is a type of religious
pluralism
which is not emphasized or even
understood
by westerners like jorgen or jordan
peterson or
ayan who has forged herself into a
western discourse
there is and in fact we have narrations
talking about
jews and christians having their own
spaces to pray in not only that but to
rule with their own laws
with their own religious laws within the
islamic polity
what's where is the narrative of we're
going to kill you
and we're going to convert you by force
when they went into egypt
they left the cops as they were and
that's why we have a healthy
maybe 15 million copts in egypt
not converted into islam as as is
presupposed there are too many evidences
historical and otherwise
to maintain this false claim that
people were being forced to become
muslims
i invite you to joe rogan and all of
these
jordan peterson and all of those i
invite you to just
read the books yourself educate
yourselves of what you respect
don't live in ignorance of something so
important to people's lives
you recommend books on your websites and
you
speak to intellectuals all day and you
haven't even read one of the
actually probably the most read
memorized book on the face of the earth
which is the quran
i say this is a this is the problem of
ignorance
and something has to change but if you
want to continue you can
we will be here if you need us
you